content/now.md, before:

---%%%---
title = "Now"
description = "What's Colin up to?"
published_date = "2023-11-13"
template = "page"
---%%%---
# Now

_Updated on 2023-05-2024_

## Learning Elixir
I've been interested in functional languages for a while and have bounced around between a few.
For now, I've landed on Elixir -- it has a nice looking syntax (I was a fan of Ruby for a while) and the BEAM is appealing.
I'm working through [Programming Elixir](https://pragprog.com/titles/elixir16/programming-elixir-1-6/) and
[Elixir School](https://elixirschool.com).

Other languages I considered were F# (static typing) and Racket (I should learn a Lisp).

## Olympic weightlifting
Since college, I've been programming powerlifting-style workouts. This has gotten me some pretty good results in terms of
squat, bench, and deadlift maxes, and I'm proud of what I've accomplished after being fairly unathletic as a kid and being
extremely sedentary in college.

However, I'd like to look and feel more athletic, so I've started working with a coach at the gym I go to on both
Olympic weightlifting (the snatch + clean and jerk), and "CrossFit"/conditioning work.

## Some side projects
I've got a few ideas for side projects, but trying really hard to execute on something reasonable instead of
getting overwhelmed by possibility. I'm pacing myself to avoid feeling forced to work on projects as well.

Currently, I'm finishing up [statisch](https://github.com/sw3dish/statisch), the static site generator I used to make this site.

Commit message:

Update now page, archive old now page

content/now.md, after:

---%%%---
title = "Now"
description = "What's Colin up to?"
published_date = "2023-11-20"
template = "page"
---%%%---
_Updated on 2023-11-20_

## Using Elixir
I've finally finished [statisch](https://github.com/sw3dish/statisch) which I used to generate this site.
I'd been learning about Ecto and its support of embedded schemas and used changesets to enforce validation on my structs.

There are a few more improvements I'd like to make -- I miss Django's templating language and am thinking about writing a
DSL to extend EEx to add support for partials and blocks. I also want to move it from an `escript` to a full-blown
`mix` application, with commands to create a new site, new post, etc. and deploy.

After the generation part is finished, I want to start enforcing accessibility and performance
as well as having the site be automatically archived on Archive.org.

I'm using Phoenix to create a bookmarking/link + article archival tool along the lines of Pinboard. Elixir + Phoenix are a joy
to use and, with a sprinkling of [Alpine](https://alpinejs.dev/), make it easy to get stuff done.

## Weightlifting
I've been doing the Olympic lifts (at least the snatch and clean) for the last 6 months. Definitely enjoying them, definitely
need to practice more! But I've hit a 135 snatch and a 215 clean, so I'm happy with how I'm picking them up.

The programming that I've been doing has also been doing wonders for my deadlift -- 
hit a 450 sumo deadlift and a 435 conventional deadlift -- after being stuck for a couple years at 405.
Squat holds strong at a 365 high-bar squat and overhead press is at a nice 135 for a triple.
I'd love to improve my bench, which sits at 235, but the olympic lifts are taking precedence.
